### Quick: Wiki, Tips & FAQ

In this section, you will find some quick tips, questions, and answers about Warriorfolio 2.

- **Avoid creating users. Warriorfolio 2 is not created for multi-users.**
  - Warriorfolio 2 is an app created to be simple and fast. It is not an app for multi-users. If you need a multi-user app, use WordPress. There are no plans to add multi-users. In some cases, the file or information obtained will be generated from the first or last default user of the system. You may end up breaking or having to reboot the application.

- **Do not change the names of folders or files.**
  - Unless you know exactly what you are doing, it is not recommended to change the names of folders or files. Warriorfolio 2 is a closed system and follows the Laravel standard.

- **Why the limit of 12 projects in Warriorfolio 2?**
  - As it is a Landing Page, I believe that up to 12 items of display are sufficient to make loading fast and dynamic. Remembering that you can register as many projects as you want and even change this display configuration.

- **Do I need to pay to use Warriorfolio 2?**
  - No. Warriorfolio 2 is an Open Source app and is under the MIT license. You can use, modify, and even sell your app. But don't forget to give credit if possible to the creators of Laravel, Filament, and Livewire. And to me, right? :) <3

- **Can I use Warriorfolio 2 for commercial purposes?**
  - Yes. You can use Warriorfolio 2 for commercial purposes. Remembering that it is an Open Source app and is under the MIT license. You can use, modify, and even sell your app. But don't forget to give credit if possible to the creators of Laravel, Filament, and Livewire. And to me, right? :) <3

- **Can I use Warriorfolio 2 for personal purposes?**
  - Yes. You can use Warriorfolio 2 for personal purposes. That's what it was created for. So you can have a simple, fast, and effective portfolio.

- **Where can I find the Filament Documentation?**
  - [Filament Documentation](https://filamentphp.com/docs) here you will find the complete Filament documentation.

- **Where can I find the Livewire Documentation?**
  - [Livewire Documentation](https://laravel-livewire.com/docs) here you will find the complete Livewire documentation.

- **Where can I find the Laravel Documentation?**
  - [Laravel Documentation](https://laravel.com/docs) here you will find the complete Laravel documentation.