# Getting Started

Welcome to the official Warriorfolio documentation. This guide will help you get started with the first steps and even put your site into production.

## What is Warriorfolio?

Warriorfolio aims to be simple, fast, and effective in creating your portfolio. Arriving in its new version more robust, smarter, flexible, and with new intuitive features. Designed with a modular concept, you can easily choose the order in which your page will be assembled and displayed to the public. From a Landing Page to a complete site with separate pages, but with modules that integrate with each other, like a true LEGO, Warriorfolio 2 is the ideal tool for you who want to have a simple, fast, and effective portfolio.

### Gear & Core
This is a PHP application with Laravel and Filament at its Core. Filament is a set of tools that allows the creation of a control panel or content manager for Laravel. Conceived by Dan Harrin, Zep Fietje, and the entire PHP community. Filament is constantly evolving and is a highly tested, secure, robust, scalable product with complete and easy-to-understand documentation.

Filament is powered by Livewire technology, which is a framework for Laravel that allows the creation of real-time applications without the need for deep JavaScript knowledge. Livewire is a product of Caleb Porzio, creator of AlpineJs.

Warriorfolio 2 is also under the guardianship of one of the world's largest frameworks, Laravel. Created by Taylor Otwell, Laravel is a robust, secure, scalable framework with complete and easy-to-understand documentation. Laravel is a framework that is constantly evolving and is a highly tested product with an active and engaged community.

### Requirements

- 🐘 PHP 8.1 or higher;
- 🧪 PHP Extensions enabled mainly OpenSSL, PDO and Zip;
- 💾 Database such as MySQL, PostgreSQL or SQLite;
- 🤵🏻 Composer 2.0 or higher;
- 🌱 NPM;
- 💎 800MB of disk space or higher;

## New App

Warriorfolio is a Laravel based project, the steps to install it are the same as any other Laravel project. If you are not familiar with Laravel, don't worry, we will guide you through the installation process.

1. Clone the repository:

```bash [composer]
composer create-project mviniciusca/warriorfolio
```

2. Enter the project folder:

```bash
cd warriorfolio
```

3. Install NPM dependencies:

```bash [npm]
npm install
```

4. Link the storage folder:

```bash
php artisan storage:link
```

5. Run the migrations and seed the database with the default data:

```bash
php artisan migrate:refresh --seed

```

6. Run the development server:

```bash
php artisan serve
```

7. Run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

::alert{type="success"}
✨ Well done! You have successfully installed Warriorfolio on your machine. Now you can access the application at [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000).
::
