## Time to Fly
Access the address (usually http://127.0.0.1:8000) and see your app running -Isn't It beautiful? - yeah, I know😁

Now just access the control panel and start creating your portfolio. To access the control panel, access your app's URL and add `/admin` at the end and log in with the credentials below:

```
Username => warriorfolio@test.dev
Password => password
```

⚠️ It is highly recommended that you change this password and email for more security, especially in a production environment.

### Post-Build: Getting to Know Warriorfolio 2 Better

Great, you have your application running and are already logged into the control panel. Now it's time to get to know Warriorfolio 2 better and start creating your portfolio. Maybe you want to make some advanced customizations, or even change the default theme color. Let's go?

##### Changing the Default Theme Color
Warriorfolio 2 is built with Tailwind CSS through Vite.

In the project root, you will find a file called `tailwind.config.js`. In this file, you can edit the default theme color. Look for this line of code:

```
theme: {
    extend: {
        colors: {
        primary: colors.purple,
        secondary: colors.zinc,
        tertiary: colors.rose,
        }
    },
},
```

Understand that, once modified, these changes are global. The default theme colors are: `primary`, `secondary`, and `tertiary`, represented by the colors `purple`, `zinc`, and `rose`.

You can edit the theme colors, or even add new colors, but following the Tailwind standard. To learn more about Tailwind CSS, visit the official documentation at: https://tailwindcss.com/docs


##### Editing the Public Texts of Your App
Unlike the previous version, Warriorfolio 2 allows you to edit the public texts of your app through the Control Panel. They are represented by modules, and you can edit them at any time. The modules and texts for editing are in **App Sections**.

##### Editing Your App's Highlight
We have a beautiful highlight in Warriorfolio 2. It is the highlight of the text of each section and can be used in other areas of the app. It partially follows the primary colors of the theme.

To edit the highlight to something more customized, you must follow this step:

In the `resources/css` folder, you will find a file called `app.css`. In this file, you can edit the highlight to something more customized.

Look for the code:
```
/** Highlighted text **/

.text-highlight {
@apply text-transparent
bg-clip-text bg-gradient-to-r to-primary-600 from-rose-400 font-bold;
}
```

##### Creating Image Slideshow
It's very simple, just click on **Slideshow** in the control panel and add the images you want. And choose in which module you want to display the slideshow.

As it is a Landing Page, only one slideshow per module will be displayed and the most recent one created.

##### Newsletter or Email Catcher Module
You can enable or disable the email capture module. It is denominated as a newsletter, but for now, its functionality is only to capture emails. You can export the captured emails in Excel format and use them in your email marketing campaign.

##### Editing Your SEO Information
To edit your SEO information, access the control panel and click on **SEO**. You will see your SEO. Click on **Edit** and edit the information you want.

##### Organizing the Order of Modules
Warriorfolio 2 is modular, and this concept also applies to content editing. By default, it follows a display order, but you can change the order of the modules at any time. To do this, click on `Pages/Home` and choose the order of the modules. By default, it is composed as follows:

- Header
- Hero Section
- Projects
- Courses
- Customers
- Footer
